发明的是一个伟大的科学家。 ,A great scientist invented it.，
发明的是一个机器人。,A robot was invented.，
关心的是高的分数。,High scores was cared about.，
关心的是关心你的，但是你却不关心的人。,The people who care for you but you don't care for care for you.，
批评的是犯了错误的学生。,The student who made the mistake was criticized.，
批评的是治学严厉的教师。,The one who criticizes is the rigorous teacher .，
正在采收的是果园里的果实。,What is being harvested is the fruit in the orchard.，
正在采收的是果园里的果农。,The orchard worker in the orchard is harvesting.，
正在手术的是健康的医生。,A healthy doctor is doing surgery.，
正在手术的是生命垂危的病人。,What is undergoing surgery is a patient whose life is dying.，
正在教授的是知识。,What is taught is knowledge.，
正在教授的是正教授。,A professor is teaching.，
正在执行的是法律。,What is implemented is the law.，
正在执行的是法警。,The bailiff is implementing.，
正在收割的是农田里的稻谷。,What is being harvested is the rice in the farmland.，
正在收割的是农民的孩子。,The farmer's child is harvesting.，
正在管理的是机房。,What is being managed is the computer room.，
正在管理的是学校专门的管理员。,The school's dedicated administrator is managing.，
捕获的是猎物。,The prey is hunted.，
捕获的是猎人。,The hunter is hunting.，
敲打的是鼓。,What is beaten is the drum.，
敲打的是已经在击鼓行业工作了数十年的鼓手。,The drummer who have been working in the drumming industry for decades is beating.，
扮演的是一头龙。,What is acted is a dragon.，
扮演的是李连杰。,The role is played by Lianjie Li.，
研究的是企业文化。,The corporate culture is studied.，
研究的是企业科研人员。,The corporate researchers is studying.，
飞跃的是峡谷。,What was leaped is the canyon.，
飞跃的专业运动员。,The professional athletes is leaping.，
发现的是一个新的古文明。,What is Discovered is a new civilizations.，
发现的是一个考古教授。,A archaeological professor discovered it.，
调研乡镇的经济发展情况。,The economic development of townships is investigated.，
调研乡镇的经济学教授。,The economics professor who investigates townships.，
记录实验的表格。,The form which is used to record the experiment.，
记录实验的结果。,The results of the experiment is recorded.，
吃了游客的鳄鱼。,The crocodile who ate the tourists.，
吃了游客的猫。,The tourist's cat was eaten.，
丢了他家的可爱的狗。,The cute dog of his home has been thrown.，
咬了他家人的野狗。,The wild dog who bit his family.，
挖西瓜的勺子。,The spoon which is used to dig the watermelon.，
削西瓜的皮。,The skin of the The watermelon is cut.，
维修桌子的桌脚。,The table legs are repaired.，
维修桌子的锤子。,The hammer which is used to repair the table.，
游览他国的总统。,The president who visited other countries.，
游览他国的景点。,Visited the attractions of other countries.，
搜索程序的程序员。,A programmer who searches for programs.，
搜索程序的代码。,What is searched is the code of the program.，
三条河里的石头。 ,Stones in three rivers.，
三块河里的石头。,Three stones in the river，
两匹草地上的马。,Two horses on the grass.，
两片草地上的马。,Horses on two grasses.，
三节玩具车的电池。,Three batteries of the toy car.，
三辆玩具车的电池。,The batteries of three toy cars.，
四架桌上的照相机。,Four cameras on the table.，
四张桌上的照相机。,The cameras on four tables.，
两把厨房里的菜刀。,Two kitchen knives in the kitchen.，
两处厨房里的菜刀。,The kitchen knives in two kitchens.，
四篇报纸上的文章。,Four articles in the newspaper.，
四张报纸上的文章。,The Articles in four newspapers.，
参观了千年古建筑。,Visited two thousand years' ancient building.，
参观了五小时古建筑。,Visited the ancient building for five hours.，
挑选了十分钟木头。,Pick a wood for ten minutes.，
挑选了千年木头。,Pick a wood of thousand years.，
扮演了两分钟角色。,Played a role for two minutes.，
扮演了500年前人物。,Played the character who lived in 500 years ago.，
连续写了5份会议报告书。,Five conference reports were written in succession.，
连续写了5小时会议报告书。,The coference report was written for 5 hours in succession.，
讲了2小时历史。,Talking about history for 2 hours.，
讲了1百年历史。,Talking about a hunderd years' history.，
画了6分钟画。,Drew a painting for six minutes.，
画了6幅画。,Drew six paintings.，
做了5张试卷。,Did five papers.，
做了5分钟试卷。,Did the paper for five minutes.，
销售快速的商品。,The goods that sells rapidly.，
销售昂贵的商品。,Selling expensive goods.，
修建快速的建筑。,Building a building quickly.，
修建巨大的建筑。,Building a huge building.，
探查无人的地区。,Explore unmanned areas.，
探查明白的地区。,The areas has been explored clearly.，
观看精彩的电影。,Watch a great movie.，
观看舒服的电影。,feeling comfortable when watching the movie.，
采购顺利的产品。,The product that is purchased successfully.，
采购易碎的产品。,Purchasing fragile products.，
研究困难的问题。,Study difficult problems.，
研究清楚的问题。,The question is studied clearly.，
操纵方便的机器。,The machine that is manipulated conveniently.，
操纵重要的机器。,Manipulate important machines.，
囚禁凶狠的罪犯。,Imprison a fierce criminal.，
囚禁严密的罪犯。,The criminal has been imprisoned tightly.，
交老师作业本。,Hand homework to teacher.，
交红色作业本。,Hand in the red homework.，
捐赠图书馆图书。,Donate books to library.，
捐赠国外图书。,Donate foreign books.，
送过生日的领导礼物。,Send a gift to the leader on his birthday.，
送生日礼物。,Send a birthday gift.，
毯子和凳子的腿都坏了。,The blanket and the legs of the stool were broken.，
他的衣服的袖子和拐杖都脏了。,The sleeves of his clothes and crutches are dirty.，
电脑的屏幕和椅子需要摆放整齐。,The mainframe of the computer and chair need to be neatly arranged.，
桌子上的电脑和沙发都要扔掉。,The computer on the table and the sofa should be thrown away.，
在这个商场工作的保安人员和警察在大楼外面交流。,Security guards working in the mall and police communicate outside the building.，
在空中的小鸟和鱼都是他的捕猎对象。 ,The birds in the air and fish are his hunting objects.，
收获的是勤劳的农夫。,It's the hardworking farmer that harvest.，
收获的是可口的果实。,What is harvested is delicious fruit.，
创造的是一个科学家。,It is a scientist that create.，
创造的是一个机器人。,What is created is a robot.，
严厉打击的是偷窃行为。,What is severely attacked is theft.，
严厉打击的是久经训练的特警。,It is the well-trained special police that attack severely.，
调查的是这桩贪污腐败案件。,The investigation was about this corruption case.，
调查的是这桩案件中贪污的人员。,The investigation was conducted on the corrupted personnel in this case.，
错失的是这次难得的机会。,What is missed is this rare opportunity.，
错失的是等待机会很久的运动员们。,Tt's the athletes who have waited for a long time that miss.，
表演的是来自省里的一线演员。,The performance Is given by the A-list actors in the province.，
表演的是西游记里的孙悟空。,The performance is about the Monkey King in the Journey to the West.，
推出的是一款跨时代的手机。,What is introduced is an inter-generational mobile phone.，
推出的是一家伟大的公司。,It is a great company that launch it.，
科研的是一线的科学家。,It is the frontline scientist that do scientific research.，
科研的是国际上的新兴领域。,What is researched is an emerging field in the world.，
研究的是国际知名数学难题。,What is studied is an internationally renowned mathematical problem.，
研究的是专攻数学题的国际知名数学家。,It is the internationally renowned mathematician specializing in math problems that study.，
解出的是五道国际知名数学难题。,What is solved is five internationally renowned mathematical problems.，
解出来的是五位国际知名数学家。,It's the five internationally renowned mathematicians that solve it.，
杀了房东的猫。,Killed the landlord's cat.，
杀了房东的杀手。,The killer killed the landlord.，
装修房子的工作室人员。,The studio staff who renovated the house.，
装修房子的工作室房间。,Renovating the studio room of the house.，
研究代码的整体架构。,Study the overall architecture of the code.，
研究代码的整体架构师。,The general architect who research the code.，
参观大皇宫的内部构造。,Visit the internal structure of the Grand Palace.，
参观大皇宫的内部人员。,The internal personnel who visit the Grand Palace.，
制裁伊朗的经济。,Sanction the Iranian economy.，
制裁伊朗的经济大国。,The economic power who sanction Iran.，
发展国家的经济水平。,Develop the economic level of the country.，
发展国家的经济学专家。,The economic experts who develop the country.，
打击经济犯罪的团伙。,Combat the gangs of economic crimes.，
打击经济犯罪的警察。,The police who combat economic crimes.，
调查重大案件的嫌疑人。,Investigate suspects in major cases.，
调查重大案件嫌疑人的刑警。,The criminal police who investigate the suspects in major cases.，
喜欢旅游的过程中遇到的旅行家。,Love travellers who I met in the process of traveling.，
喜欢旅游的过程的旅行家。,Travellers who like the process of travel.，
一件橱柜里的衣服。,A piece of clothing in the cupboard.，
一个橱柜里的衣服。,Clothes in a cupboard.，
三座寺庙里的和尚。,The monks in the three temples.，
三位寺庙里的和尚。,Three monks in the temple.，
四台桌上的电脑。,Four computers on the table.，
四张桌上的电脑。,Computers on the four tables.，
五张床上的手机。,Phones on five beds.，
五只床上的手机。,Five phones on the bed.，
六本杂志上的封面人物。,Cover characters on six magazines.，
六位杂志上的封面人物。,Six cover characters on the magazine.，
七朵盆栽中的鲜花。,Seven flowers in the pot.，
七盆盆栽里的鲜花。,Flowers in seven pots.，
八枚钱包里的硬币。,Eight coins in the wallet.，
八只钱包里的硬币。,Coins in eight wallets.，
九位电影中的演员。,Nine actors in the movie.，
九场电影中的情节。,The plots in nine movies.，
老师讲了三天的历史。,The teacher taught the history for three days.，
老师教了三千年的历史。,The teacher taught the history of three thousand years.，
演出了两天的历史剧。,Performed a historical drama for 2 days.，
演出了两千年的历史剧。,Performed a historical drama of two thousand years.，
写了三天作业。,I wrote assignments for three days.，
写了三张作业。,I wrote three assignments.，
卖了十几年车。,Sold cars for more than ten years.，
卖了辆十几年的车。,Sold a car which was used for more than ten years.，
我看了十几年电影。,I have watched movies for more than ten years.，
我看了部十几年前的电影。,I watched a movie which was played ten years ago.，
经营了十几年店铺。,Has been operating a store for more than ten years.，
经营了家十几年的店铺。,I have run a store that has opened for more than ten years.，
曾经重要的历史转折点。,A once-meaningful historical turning point.，
意义重要的历史转折点。,A significant turning point in the history.，
购买困难的商品。,Goods that are bought difficultly.，
购买便宜的商品。,Buy cheap goods.，
销售困难的产品。,Products that are difficult to sell.，
销售便宜的劣质产品。,Selling cheap and inferior products.，
情节精彩的电视剧。,TV series that have wonderful plots.，
晚上精彩的电视剧。,Wonderful TV series in the evening.，
感觉愉悦的气氛。,The pleasant atmosphere.，
享受快乐的气氛。,Enjoy the delightful atmosphere.，
研究简单的问题。,Study simple questions.，
研究完成的问题。,The problem that has been studied completely.，
考察严格的考官。,Examiners that examine strictly.，
考察落后的学生。,Investigate underachieving students.，
咬死了猎人的猫。,Killed the hunter's cat.，
咬死了狐狸的老虎。,The tiger that killed the fox.，
杀死了猎人的狗。,Killed the hunter's dog，
杀死了猎人的老虎。,The tiger that killed the hunter.，
吃掉了蛋糕的巧克力。,Eat the chocolate of the cake.，
吃掉了蛋糕的小孩。,The child who ate the cake.，
爱上了明星的女孩儿。,The girl who falls in love with the star.，
爱上了明星的作品。,Fall in love with the works of the stars.，
错怪了父母的良苦用心。,Wrongly blame the parents for their good intentions.，
错怪了父母的小孩子。,The child who wrongly blame the parents.，
维修了房间的窗户。,Repaired the windows of the room.，
维修了房间的工人。,The worker who repaired the room.，
审判的是一个法官。,The trial was conducted by a judge.，
审判的是一个罪犯。,A criminal was brought to trial.，
教导的是我的老师。,My teacher is teaching.，
教导的是热爱学习的学生。,Students who love learning are taught.，
喜欢这篇文章的文笔。,Like the writing of this article.，
喜欢这篇文章的文艺青年。,Literary youths who like this article.，
倾听动人音乐的歌词。,Listen to the lyrics of moving music.，
倾听动人音乐的听众。,Listeners listening to moving music.，
欣赏园林的动人风景。,Admire the beautiful scenery of the garden.，
欣赏园林的游客。,Tourists admiring the garden.，
漫步在太空的空间站。,Walk through the space station in outerspace.，
漫步在太空的宇航员。,Astronaut walking through space.，
